[Music]
hello
welcome to the practicing english story
number eight let's get started
there was a girl her name was emma
she was at home she was sleeping in the
bedroom
it was a cold and dark night
it was raining
a thief came into emma's house at
midnight
he wanted to steal emma's toothbrush
the thief went into the kitchen first
he felt hungry
he decided to eat something
then he started to prepare a breakfast
for himself
[Music]
he made some noise so emma woke up
she heard the noise she was scared
[Music]
she took her phone and called the police
then she walked towards the kitchen
slowly
and she saw the thief he was having
breakfast
they looked at each other
and they cried ah hello
are you enjoying the story please give
us a like
thank you
emma said what are you doing in my house
the thief said i just need a toothbrush
and i am hungry
emma said okay take my toothbrush and
please wash the dishes
when the police came he was washing the
dishes
[Music]
and they were all happy
if you like this video and want to see
more videos like it
be sure to subscribe to our channel
thanks for watching
okay that is the end of the story let's
go back to the beginning
this time with questions
there was a girl her name was emma
what was there
a girl there was a girl
was there a boy
no there wasn't there wasn't a boy
[Music]
there was a girl
what was her name
her name was emma
was she nicole
no she wasn't she was emma her name was
emma
she was at home she was sleeping in the
bedroom
was she at school
[Music]
no she wasn't she wasn't at school
where was she
[Music]
she was at home
what was she doing at home
she was sleeping she was sleeping
in the bedroom
was she watching tv
no she wasn't she wasn't watching tv
was she studying english
no she wasn't she wasn't studying
english
she was sleeping in her bedroom
was she sleeping in the bathroom
no she wasn't she wasn't sleeping in the
bathroom
where was she sleeping
[Music]
in the bedroom she was sleeping in the
bedroom
it was a cold and dark night it was
raining
was it hot or was it cold
[Music]
it was cold
was it sunny
no it wasn't it was not a sunny day
how was the weather
well it was a cold and dark night it was
raining
[Music]
was it snowing
no it wasn't it was not snowing it was
raining
[Music]
a thief came into emma's house at
midnight
if you want to complete your practice of
this story you can go to
englisheasypractice.com
and download the audio lessons of the
story
you can practice english with it
whenever and wherever you want
just listen to our short stories and
answer the easy question out loud
you will improve your listening and
speaking skills fast
and that's all for now see you at
[Music]
englisheasypractice.com
you